F suggestions ts (#7)
krlmlr/tidyprog: script/67-json.Rmd

```
</details>

When dealing with web-APIs, query results come frequently in the JSON (**J**ava**S**cript **O**bject **N**otation) format.
How to deal with this in R?
A way to "talk" with APIs is provided by the package {httr}.
The "GET"-query is executed by using `httr::GET()` with the URL, containing the query specifics, as an argument:
```{r include = FALSE}
# Use httr::GET() for GET requests:
```
```{r 67-use-httr-get-for-get-requests}
req <- httr::GET("https://photon.komoot.de/api/?q=Paradeplatz&limit=3")
```

> If you are using this command in a script, you might want to make sure the following command is only executed once the query is finished processing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using this command in a script, you need to wait until the query is finished processing:
```

content
```

As you can see, the result, as it is displayed in R, is already a nested list at this point.

> And we now how to deal with these objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And we know how to deal with these objects.
```

> The object did originally come as a JSON object though, which you can see, if you look at the literal result of the query like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The object did originally come as a JSON object though, which you can see if you look at the literal result of the query:
```
